source/workshop_setup/preworkshop_checklist.md, before:

---
title: "Preparing for the RNA-Seq Demystified workshop"
author: "UM Bioinformatics Core Workshop Team"
output:
        html_document:
            theme: paper
            toc: false
            number_sections: false
            fig_caption: false
            markdown: GFM
            code_download: false
---
<style type="text/css">
body{ /* Normal  */
      font-size: 14pt;
  }
</style>

<br/>

1. Follow this link for <a href="setup_instructions.html" target="_blank">instructions to set up your computer</a><br/>
A separate email with the subject **"RNA-Seq Demystified workshop setup"** will detail your individual username and password to access the shared server. (Note that this email is sometimes flagged as spam, so if you don't see it in your Inbox please check your spam folder.)

2. Join the UM Coderspaces Slack channel<br/>
You will receive an email invite soon; please accept that to set up your Slack account.

3. Watch the <a href="https://www.mivideo.it.umich.edu/media/t/1_tx74a3v9" target="_blank">Intro to RNA-Seq Webinar<a/><br/>
The hands-on workshop builds on the content of this 1-hour webinar that introduces foundational concepts of RNA-Seq experiments including experimental design, sample preparation, QC, sequencing, and initial interpretation of preliminary results.


4. (optional) Take the <a href="https://forms.gle/2pKij2KBV5p5PTB86" target="_blank">Pre-workshop survey</a><br/>
To help us better understand your collective background, we invite you to take an optional, anonymous pre-workshop survey.


5. (optional) Brush up your <a href="https://umich-brcf-bioinf.github.io/2021-10-18-UM-SWC-Lessons/" target="_blank">Bash/R skills</a>.<br/>
For a primer on key ideas/techniques, review notes from a recent UM Carpentries workshop.

We are looking forward to seeing you in the workshop. Please let us know if you have any questions.<br/><br/>

The Bioinformatics Core Workshop Team<br/>
[bioinformatics-workshops@umich.edu](mailto:bioinformatics-workshops@umich.edu)

Commit message:

Reset intro/wrap up/setup fro 2022-03 RSD

source/workshop_setup/preworkshop_checklist.md, after:

---
title: "Preparing for the RNA-Seq Demystified workshop"
author: "UM Bioinformatics Core Workshop Team"
output:
        html_document:
            theme: paper
            toc: false
            number_sections: false
            fig_caption: false
            markdown: GFM
            code_download: false
---
<style type="text/css">
body{ /* Normal  */
      font-size: 14pt;
  }
</style>

<br/>

1. Watch the <a href="https://www.mivideo.it.umich.edu/media/t/1_tx74a3v9" target="_blank">Intro to RNA-Seq Webinar<a/><br/>
The hands-on workshop builds on the content of this 1-hour webinar that introduces foundational concepts of RNA-Seq experiments including experimental design, sample preparation, QC, sequencing, and initial interpretation of preliminary results.

2. (optional) If you have not already, we invite you to take the <a href="https://forms.gle/UdyurdLkmaguyW3G6" target="_blank">Pre-workshop survey</a><br/>

3. Follow this link for <a href="setup_instructions.html" target="_blank">instructions to set up your computer</a><br/>
A separate email with the subject **"UM BioinfCore Workshop Login"** will detail your individual username and password to access the shared server. (Note that this email is sometimes flagged as spam, so if you don't see it in your Inbox please check your spam folder.)

4. We will be using the same Slack space as COmputational Foundations and have added you to the 2022-03-rnaseq-demystified-workshop Slack channel<br/>

5. (optional) Brush up your <a href="https://umich-brcf-bioinf.github.io/2022-02-28-umich-computational-foundations/html/" target="_blank">Bash/R skills</a>.<br/>
Notes from a recent Bioinf Core workshop on key ideas/techniques.

We are looking forward to seeing you in the workshop. Please let us know if you have any questions.<br/><br/>

The Bioinformatics Core Workshop Team<br/>
[bioinformatics-workshops@umich.edu](mailto:bioinformatics-workshops@umich.edu)
